Refactor to pyansys standards (#140)
pyansys/pydpf-post: docs/source/user_guide/accessing_results.rst

Accessing Results
*****************

The :class:`Solution <ansys.dpf.post.dpf_solution.DpfSolution>`

> object is the entry point for browsing the contents of a result file

Reviewer: results file or results file? Earlier, it had an "s" at the end.

Author: Good question. You pick and let's just be consistent.

(see :ref:`user_guide_post_processing`). It also provides access to
the results themselves. These are contained in :class:`Result
<ansys.dpf.post.result_object.Result>` objects that can be returned from
dedicated methods:

.. code:: python

	# Instantiate the solution object

	>>> from ansys.dpf import post
	>>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
	>>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

> 	#  Instantiate a displacement result object

Author: ```suggestion
	Instantiate a displacement result object
```

	>>> displacement = solution.displacement()
	>>> # stress, elastic_strain (...) can also be called.

> 	# Refer to the list below to know which result object can be
> 	# instantiated.

Author: ```suggestion
	Refer to the list below to know which result object can be
	instantiated.
```

.. code:: python

	Instantiate the solution object

	>>> from ansys.dpf import post
	>>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
	>>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

	Instantiate a displacement result object

	>>> displacement = solution.displacement()
	>>> # stress, elastic_strain (...) can also be called.

	Refer to the list below to know which result object can be

> 	instantiated.

Reviewer 2: @akaszynski This is removing the changes made by @RobPasMue who said these parts should be Python comments, so which is it?

Reviewer 3: I may have been wrong @PProfizi. It looks like the boxes are rendered like this

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37798125/186368939-5c543fcb-b010-4ebd-ad1a-d92cc31e14fe.png)

If this is the desired output, then its fine.

Reviewer 2: Oh ok, thank you!

Displacement
------------
Displacement is the DOF solution for structural analyses.  Its
:class:`Displacement <ansys.dpf.post.displacement.Displacement>` object can be
with the following:

.. code:: python

    # Instantiate the solution object

    >>> from ansys.dpf import post
    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

    Instantiate the displacement result object

    >>> displacement = solution.displacement()

Being a DOF solution, its location argument **must be nodal** (inferred above).

The displacement ``Result`` corresponds to a vector field. To obtain the scalar
components of this field, e.g., y-components, access the following subresult:

.. code:: python

    # Instantiate the solution object

    >>> from ansys.dpf import post
    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

>     # Instantiate the displacement result object

Author: ```suggestion
    Instantiate the displacement result object
```

    >>> displacement = solution.displacement()

>     # Get the y displacement result data

Author: ```suggestion
    Get the y displacement result data
```

    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

    Instantiate the displacement result object

    >>> displacement = solution.displacement()

Being a DOF solution, its location argument **must be nodal** (inferred above).

The displacement ``Result`` corresponds to a vector field. To obtain the scalar
components of this field, e.g., y-components, access the following subresult:

.. code:: python

    Instantiate the solution object

    >>> from ansys.dpf import post
    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

>     Instantiate the displacement result object

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Instantiate the displacement result object
```

    >>> displacement = solution.displacement()

>     Get the y displacement result data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the y displacement result data
```

    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

>     Instantiate the stress result object

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Instantiate the stress result object
```

Reviewer 3: This change applies everywhere, I've already seen it multiple times. Especially now since you added the copybutton, it is important that code comments are rendered as such inside the ``code`` blocks. Otherwise Python will try to interpret them.

    >>> stress = solution.stress()

The stress result corresponds to a tensor field. To obtain the scalar

> components of this field, e.g., the normal y-stresses, access the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
components of this field, such as the normal y-stresses, access the following
```

    >>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
    >>> solution = post.load_solution(examples.multishells_rst)

    Instantiate the stress result object

    >>> stress = solution.stress()

>     Get the yy stress result data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Get the yy stress result data
```

>     # Get the yy stress result data

Author: ```suggestion
    Get the yy stress result data
```

    >>> s_yy = stress.yy
    >>> s_yy.get_data_at_field()

Other components, as well as whole tensor data, can be queried accordingly.
For more details, see :ref:`ref_api_result_data`.

Strain (elastic, plastic)
-------------------------
The :class:`ElasticStrain <ansys.dpf.post.strain.ElasticStrain>` and
:class:`PlasticStrain <ansys.dpf.post.strain.PlasticStrain>` result objects can

> be obtained with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be obtained with:
```

    >>> elastic_strain = solution.elastic_strain()
    >>> plastic_strain = solution.plastic_strain()

> A strain result corresponds to a tensor field. To obtain the scalar components
> of this field, e.g., shear xy-strains, access the following subresult:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A strain result corresponds to a tensor field. To obtain the scalar components
of this field, such as the shear xy-strains, access the following subresult:
```

    Get the result data

    >>> acceleration = solution.misc.nodal_acceleration(subresult="Y")

Verify the result file contents to determine available queries (see
:ref:`user_guide_accessing_file_metadata`).

> Thermal/Electric (\*.rth) result files
> ======================================

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thermal/Electric (``*.rth``) result files
=========================================
```

Temperature
-----------

> Temperature is the DOF solution for thermal analyses.  The :class:`Temperature

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Temperature is the DOF solution for thermal analyses. The :class:`Temperature
```

    >>> electric_field = solution.electric_field()

> The electric field result corresponds to a vector field.  To

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The electric field result corresponds to a vector field. To
```

> obtain the scalar components of this field, e.g., x-components, access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
obtain the scalar components of this field, such as the x-components, access
```

    >>> electric_field_x = electric_field.x
    >>> electric_field_x.get_data_at_field()

For more details, see :ref:`ref_api_result_data`.

Electric potential
------------------
The :class:`ElectricPotential
<ansys.dpf.post.electric_results.ElectricPotential>` result object can be

> with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with:
```

    >>> electric_potential = solution.electric_potential()

> It represents a scalar field whose values can be with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It represents a scalar field whose values can be obtained with:
```
